{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 This document outlines the step by step procedure required for using the mbed online compiler.  \
\

\i0\b CREATE ACCOUNT:
\b0 \
\
1)  Go to the following URL to create an account:  https://mbed.org/accounts/login/?next=http%3A%2F%2Fmbed.org%2Fcompiler%2F\
     \
You will need this account to log in to use the compiler.\
\

\b NAVIGATING COMPILER AND SETTING UP PROJECT:
\b0 \
\
2)  Once logged in, click on the "Compiler" button at the top right hand corner of the screen. \
\
3)  Create a new project by clicking the "New Project" button at the top left hand corner.  Name it as you please and click "OK".  \
\
4)  The project with the name you gave it should appear on the left hand side.  Double click on it.  \
\
5)  When the project expands, double click on main.cpp.  \
\
6)  Delete all code in the main.cpp file.  Copy and paste the mbed code provided in "Code" folder into the blank .cpp file.  \
\

\b COMPILING CODE:
\b0 \
\
7)  When you're ready to download the code and test it out, click on the compile button at the top, and save it where you please. \
\
8)  Simply drag and drop the code file from where you saved it onto the mbed controller which should appear to your computer as a standard device like a USB flash drive.  \
\
}